.gitignore
LICENSE
README.md
pyproject.toml
tox.ini
.github/workflows/integration.yaml
.github/workflows/on_push_to_main.yaml
.github/workflows/on_release.yaml
.idea/.gitignore
.idea/cse291-cloud-network-benchmark.iml
.idea/misc.xml
.idea/modules.xml
.idea/vcs.xml
.idea/inspectionProfiles/profiles_settings.xml
assets/logo.png
assets/logo.svg
benchmarks/__init__.py
benchmarks/bandwidth/__init__.py
benchmarks/bandwidth/iperf3-client.yaml
benchmarks/bandwidth/iperf3-server.yaml
benchmarks/locust/Dockerfile
benchmarks/locust/README.md
benchmarks/locust/build-image-and-relase.sh
benchmarks/locust/client-locust.yaml
benchmarks/locust/locustfile.py
benchmarks/locust/server-locust.yaml
bin/activate
bin/build
bin/curl-debug-cluster.sh
bin/upload
k8perf/__init__.py
k8perf/__main__.py
k8perf/_version.py
k8perf/benchmark.py
k8perf/benchmarks.py
k8perf/kubernetes_integration.py
k8perf/util_logging.py
k8perf/util_terminal_ui.py
k8perf/util_yaml.py
k8perf.egg-info/PKG-INFO
k8perf.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
k8perf.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
k8perf.egg-info/entry_points.txt
k8perf.egg-info/requires.txt
k8perf.egg-info/top_level.txt
results/README.md
results/images/c5nl_latency_diff.png
results/images/m5l_latency_diff.png
results/images/D4s_v4/cpu_client.png
results/images/D4s_v4/cpu_host.png
results/images/D4s_v4/httpAverageResponseTime.png
results/images/D4s_v4/mbps.png
results/images/D4s_v4/retransmits.png
results/images/D4s_v4/rtt.png
results/images/c5nlarge/bw.png
results/images/c5nlarge/client_cpu.png
results/images/c5nlarge/retransmits.png
results/images/c5nlarge/rtt.png
results/images/c5nlarge/server_cpu.png
results/images/c5nlargecluster/bw.png
results/images/c5nlargecluster/client_cpu.png
results/images/c5nlargecluster/retransmits.png
results/images/c5nlargecluster/rtt.png
results/images/c5nlargecluster/server_cpu.png
results/images/locust/cpu_client.png
results/images/locust/cpu_server.png
results/images/locust/locust_latency.png
results/images/locust/locust_rps.png
results/images/locust/mem_client.png
results/images/locust/mem_server.png
results/images/m5large/bw.png
results/images/m5large/client_cpu.png
results/images/m5large/retransmits.png
results/images/m5large/rtt.png
results/images/m5large/server_cpu.png
results/images/m5largecluster/bw.png
results/images/m5largecluster/client_cpu.png
results/images/m5largecluster/retransmits.png
results/images/m5largecluster/rtt.png
results/images/m5largecluster/server_cpu.png
results/images/t2micro/bw.png
results/images/t2micro/client_cpu.png
results/images/t2micro/retransmits.png
results/images/t2micro/rtt.png
results/images/t2micro/server_cpu.png
results/images/t3micro/bw.png
results/images/t3micro/client_cpu.png
results/images/t3micro/retransmits.png
results/images/t3micro/rtt.png
results/images/t3micro/server_cpu.png
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/a_to_a.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/a_to_a.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/a_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/a_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/a_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/a_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/a_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/a_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/b_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/b_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/b_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/b_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/b_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/b_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/c_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/c_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/c_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/c_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/d_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge/d_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/a_to_a.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/a_to_a.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/a_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/a_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/a_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/a_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/a_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/a_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/b_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/b_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/b_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/b_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/b_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/b_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/c_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/c_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/c_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/c_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/d_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/c5nlarge_vm_placementgroups/d_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/a_to_a.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/a_to_a.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/a_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/a_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/a_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/a_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/a_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/a_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/b_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/b_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/b_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/b_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/b_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/b_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/c_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/c_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/c_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/c_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/d_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large/d_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/a_to_a.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/a_to_a.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/a_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/a_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/a_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/a_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/a_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/a_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/b_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/b_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/b_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/b_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/b_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/b_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/c_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/c_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/c_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/c_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/d_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/m5large_vm_placementgroups/d_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/a_to_a.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/a_to_a.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/a_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/a_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/a_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/a_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/b_to_a.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/b_to_a.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/b_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/b_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/b_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/b_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/c_to_a.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/c_to_a.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/c_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/c_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/c_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t2micro/c_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/a_to_a.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/a_to_a.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/a_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/a_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/a_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/a_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/a_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/a_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/b_to_b.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/b_to_b.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/b_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/b_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/b_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/b_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/c_to_c.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/c_to_c.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/c_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/c_to_d.txt
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/d_to_d.json
results/raw/aws_iperf3/t3micro/d_to_d.txt
results/raw/azure_results/azure.csv
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to c5n.large/100u100r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to c5n.large/10u10r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to c5n.large/200u200r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to c5n.large/500u500r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to c5n.large/50u50r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to t2.micro/100u100r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to t2.micro/10u10r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to t2.micro/200u200r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to t2.micro/500u500r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to t2.micro/50u50r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to t3.micro/100u100r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to t3.micro/10u10r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to t3.micro/200u200r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to t3.micro/500u500r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/c5n.large/to t3.micro/50u50r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to c5n.large/100u100r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to c5n.large/10u10r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to c5n.large/200u200r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to c5n.large/500u500r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to c5n.large/50u50r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to t2.micro/100u100r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to t2.micro/10u10r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to t2.micro/200u200r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to t2.micro/500u500r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to t2.micro/50u50r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to t3.micro/100u100r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to t3.micro/10u10r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to t3.micro/200u200r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to t3.micro/500u500r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t2.micro/to t3.micro/50u50r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to c5n.large/100u100r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to c5n.large/10u10r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to c5n.large/200u200r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to c5n.large/500u500r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to c5n.large/50u50r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to t2.micro/100u100r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to t2.micro/10u10r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to t2.micro/200u200r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to t2.micro/500u500r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to t2.micro/50u50r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to t3.micro/100u100r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to t3.micro/10u10r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to t3.micro/200u200r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to t3.micro/500u500r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 1/t3.micro/to t3.micro/50u50r1min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to c5n.large/100u100r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to c5n.large/100u100r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to c5n.large/10u10r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to c5n.large/10u10r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to c5n.large/200u200r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to c5n.large/200u200r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to c5n.large/500u500r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to c5n.large/500u500r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to c5n.large/50u50r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to c5n.large/50u50r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t2.micro/100u100r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t2.micro/100u100r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t2.micro/10u10r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t2.micro/10u10r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t2.micro/200u200r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t2.micro/200u200r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t2.micro/500u500r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t2.micro/500u500r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t2.micro/50u50r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t2.micro/50u50r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t3.micro/100u100r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t3.micro/100u100r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t3.micro/10u10r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t3.micro/10u10r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t3.micro/200u200r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t3.micro/200u200r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t3.micro/500u500r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t3.micro/500u500r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t3.micro/50u50r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/c5n.large/to t3.micro/50u50r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to c5n.large/100u100r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to c5n.large/100u100r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to c5n.large/10u10r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to c5n.large/10u10r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to c5n.large/200u200r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to c5n.large/200u200r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to c5n.large/500u500r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to c5n.large/500u500r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to c5n.large/50u50r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to c5n.large/50u50r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t2.micro/100u100r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t2.micro/100u100r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t2.micro/10u10r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t2.micro/10u10r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t2.micro/200u200r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t2.micro/200u200r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t2.micro/500u500r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t2.micro/500u500r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t2.micro/50u50r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t2.micro/50u50r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t3.micro/100u100r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t3.micro/100u100r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t3.micro/10u10r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t3.micro/10u10r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t3.micro/200u200r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t3.micro/200u200r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t3.micro/500u500r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t3.micro/500u500r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t3.micro/50u50r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t2.micro/to t3.micro/50u50r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to c5n.large/100u100r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to c5n.large/100u100r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to c5n.large/10u10r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to c5n.large/10u10r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to c5n.large/200u200r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to c5n.large/200u200r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to c5n.large/500u500r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to c5n.large/500u500r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to c5n.large/50u50r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to c5n.large/50u50r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t2.micro/100u100r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t2.micro/100u100r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t2.micro/10u10r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t2.micro/10u10r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t2.micro/200u200r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t2.micro/200u200r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t2.micro/500u500r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t2.micro/500u500r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t2.micro/50u50r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t2.micro/50u50r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t3.micro/100u100r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t3.micro/100u100r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t3.micro/10u10r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t3.micro/10u10r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t3.micro/200u200r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t3.micro/200u200r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t3.micro/500u500r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t3.micro/500u500r2minRes.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t3.micro/50u50r2min.txt
results/raw/locust_experiments_result/experiment 2/t3.micro/to t3.micro/50u50r2minRes.txt
tests/test_main.py